lib/jqueryplugins/jquery-ui-timepicker-addon/README.md, before:

jQuery Timepicker Addon
=======================

About
-----
- Author: [Trent Richardson](http://trentrichardson.com)
- Documentation: [http://trentrichardson.com/examples/timepicker/](http://trentrichardson.com/examples/timepicker/)
- Twitter: [@practicalweb](http://twitter.com/practicalweb)

Use
---
I recommend getting the eBook [Handling Time](https://sellfy.com/p/8gxZ) as it has a lot of example code to get started.  The quick and dirty:

- To use this plugin you must include jQuery (1.6+) and jQuery UI with datepicker (and optionally slider).
- Include timepicker-addon script located in the `dist` directory.
- now use timepicker with `$('#selector').datetimepicker()` or `$('#selector').timepicker()`.

Contributing Code - Please Read!
--------------------------------
- All code contributions and bug reports are much appreciated.
- Please be sure to apply your fixes to the "dev" branch.
- Also note tabs are appreciated over spaces.
- Please read the [CONTRIBUTING.md][contributingmd] for more on using Grunt to produce builds.

[contributingmd]: CONTRIBUTING.md

Commit message:

Update JS dependencies
- Update moment.js from 2.19.3 to 2.22.2
- Update lodash.js from 4.17.4 to 4.17.11
- Update TinyMCE from 4.7.13 to 4.9.0
- Update prism.js from 1.5.1 to 1.15.0
- Update leaflet.js from 1.2.0 to 1.3.4
- Update leaflet.markercluster.js from 1.2.0 to 1.4.1
- Update FontAwesome from 5.4.1 to 5.5.0
- Update jQuery from 1.10.2 to 1.12.4
- Update jQuery FullCalendar from 3.6.1 to 3.9.0
- Update jQuery File-Upload from 5.34.0 to 9.28.0
- Update jQuery Timepicker Addon from 1.5.0 to 1.6.3
- Update jQuery jstree from 3.3.4 to 3.3.7
- Load not minified file in debug mode if file exists
- Update dependencies versions in README file

lib/jqueryplugins/jquery-ui-timepicker-addon/README.md, after:

jQuery Timepicker Addon
=======================

About
-----
- Author: [Trent Richardson](http://trentrichardson.com)
- Documentation: [http://trentrichardson.com/examples/timepicker/](http://trentrichardson.com/examples/timepicker/)
- Twitter: [@practicalweb](http://twitter.com/practicalweb)

Use
---
I recommend getting the eBook [Handling Time](https://sellfy.com/p/8gxZ) as it has a lot of example code to get started.  The quick and dirty:

- To use this plugin you must include jQuery (1.6+) and jQuery UI with datepicker (and optionally slider).
- Include timepicker-addon script and css located in the `dist` directory or from a CDN:
  * [http://cdnjs.com/libraries/jquery-ui-timepicker-addon](http://cdnjs.com/libraries/jquery-ui-timepicker-addon)
  * [http://www.jsdelivr.com/#!jquery.ui.timepicker.addon](http://www.jsdelivr.com/#!jquery.ui.timepicker.addon)
- now use timepicker with `$('#selector').datetimepicker()` or `$('#selector').timepicker()`.

There is also a [Bower](http://bower.io/) package named `jqueryui-timepicker-addon`.  Beware there are other similar package names that point to forks which may not be current.

Rails with Bower
-----------------
If you happen to use Rails with the [bower](gem "bower-rails", "~> 0.8.3") gem, here it is to use it easily :
#### Bowerfile 
```asset "jqueryui-timepicker-addon", "1.5.6"```

#### application.js
```javascript
//= require jqueryui-timepicker-addon/dist/jquery-ui-timepicker-addon
//= require jqueryui-timepicker-addon/dist/i18n/jquery-ui-timepicker-fr
```

#### application.css.scss
```scss
@import "jqueryui-timepicker-addon/dist/jquery-ui-timepicker-addon.css";
```

Contributing Code - Please Read!
--------------------------------
- All code contributions and bug reports are much appreciated.
- Please be sure to apply your fixes to the "dev" branch.
- Also note tabs are appreciated over spaces.
- Please read the [CONTRIBUTING.md][contributingmd] for more on using Grunt to produce builds.

[contributingmd]: CONTRIBUTING.md
